[Configuration] help text for subpages Project and Subproject (#5744)
aces/Loris: modules/configuration/help/subproject.md

# Configuration: Subproject

Use this page to manage the configuration of existing subprojects, or to add a new one. Your subprojects are listed on the left side of the scren. Click on any subproject name to edit its settings, and click **Save.**

Click **New SubprojectID** to create a new subproject. Populate the fields and click **Save**. Your new subproject should now appear in the list after you refresh the page.

> Note: Clicking save more than once will register a duplicate SubprojectID.  If you create an extra ID, you have to delete it from the database manually with an sql command.\n\nDefine all projectID-subprojectID relationships by populating the project_rel table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Clicking save more than once will register a duplicate SubprojectID.  If you create an extra ID, you have to delete it from the database manually with an sql command.

Define all projectID-subprojectID relationships by populating the project_rel table.
```

# Subproject

Use this page to manage the configuration of existing subprojects, or to add a new one. Your subprojects are listed on the left side of the scren. Click on any subproject name to edit its settings, and click **Save.**

Click **New SubprojectID** to create a new subproject. Populate the fields and click **Save**. Your new subproject should now appear in the list after you refresh the page.

> Define all projectID-subprojectID relationships by populating the project_rel table.

Reviewer 2: same here

Author: deleted

# Configuration: Subproject

Use this page to manage the configuration of existing subprojects, or to add a new one. Your subprojects are listed on the left side of the scren. Click on any subproject name to edit its settings, and click **Save.**

Click **New SubprojectID** to create a new subproject. Populate the fields and click **Save**. Your new subproject should now appear in the list after you refresh the page.

> Note: Clicking save more than once will register a duplicate SubprojectID.  If you create an extra ID, you have to delete it from the database manually with an sql command.

Reviewer: @ridz1208 Do you know whether this is true? If so it sounds like a pretty basic SQL bug that we should fix.

Reviewer 3: no longer the case, this is an old bug

> Note: Clicking save more than once will register a duplicate SubprojectID.  If you create an extra ID, you have to delete it from the database manually with an sql command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
